---
layout: post
title:  "Frequently asked questions"
date:   2014-06-26 11:41:02
categories: faq
excerpt: "The most frequently asked questions are listed here"
---

On this page we will list all the questions our customers frequently ask us about Hypernode. This page will be frequently updated, so check this page often ;-)

### When will feature X be avaliable for Hypernode?

Because of limited resources (developers), we only make the stuff our customers requested. Bu doing so, we can fix all the current issues/feature requests instead of building features/tools 
our customers don't really need. Customers can submit a feature request through our [uservoice account]({https://hypernode.uservoice.com}). The feature with the most votes (yes, you can vote) will
get more priority from our developers and will be made (if it's technically possible with our hypernode set-up). 

### Can you guys enlarge the current node we have on Hypernode?

That's currently not possible. We are however testing with Openstack providers, which could make this possible. For now the total web- and database space on the nodes are 15GB, so please make sure
you don't reach that limit. 

### Which timezone does Hypernode use?

The timezone used is UTC. Make sure you change the timezone in your Magento shop, so that you don't get any timke related issues with your orders in Magento.

### I migrated my site to Hypernode and I changed the DNS of my Magento Basic/Pro to Hypernode. Do I need to change anything with my current Magento plan at Byte?

Yes, you should. Unless you like to pay more then you need to ;-) When the site has been migrated to Hypernode and the DNS have been configured, you don't need the original Magento plan.
You can downgrade this plan to a Presence plan. There are however no mailbox options within a presence plan, so you should use an external e-mail service for your mail. If you don't want 
that you can change the Magento plan to a Personal Hosting (PH) ora Business Hosting 250 (BH250) plan. Both these plans have mailbox options and you can keep your mail at Byte. 

**NB** When you downgrade your Magento plan to one of the mentioned plans, the domain and shop will be migrated to a different cluster. Magento plans have different clusters then the Clusterhosting 
clusters, so please keep in mind that there will be a little migration when you downgrade your Magento plan.

### I migrated my shop to Hypernode and now I'm getting an ''404 error: Page not found.'' error. Hoe can I fix this?

You were probably using .htaccess files in your magento shop ;-) Our Hypernode platform doesn't support .htaccess files but instead uses nginx. You need to change some nginx configuration files to ensure 
the shop is up and running again. Information regarding Nginx configuration can be found on the [Configuring nginx]({% post_url 2014-02-16-configuring-nginx %}) page. make some changes, flush your cache 
and the shop should work again.

### Can I use the SSL certificate I currently have for my Magento plan with Hypernode?

Yes, you can. All the SSL certificates you have in your customer account can be linked to your Hypernode account. Instructions on how to do this, can be found in this article: 
[Using SSL with Hypernode]({http://support.hypernode.com/using-ssl-with-hypernode.html}). 

**NB** Please note that you can't use SSL certificates that aren't ordered through Byte. If you have a plan at a different hoster with a SSL certificate, you'll need to order
 a [Presence]({http://www.byte.nl/producten/hosting-add-ons/presence-losse-domeinnamen}) at Byte. After doing this, you can order a SSL certificate which we'll be available for use in your hypernode account. 

### Why am I getting emails that my disk is almost full?

That's bacause your disk is almost full. The nodes we currently have only support 15 GB of storage (webspace and database). We made a check script that whenever a disk reaches 90% disk usage, will email 
the webmaster of the webshop. Please follow the steps provided in the email to make sute your disk usage drops.
  
